Blacklist envs (#353)
blockscout/docs: setup/env-variables/backend-env-variables.md

| `NFT_MEDIA_HANDLER_CACHE_UNIQUENESS_MAX_SIZE`             | Max size of cache, where stored already uploaded token instances media                                                                                                                                                           | <p>Version: v6.10.0+<br>Default: <code>100_000</code><br>Applications: Indexer</p>  |

## <mark style="background-color:orange;">Addresses Blacklist management</mark>

Section created as a result of [#11417](https://github.com/blockscout/blockscout/pull/11417)

| Variable                              | Description                                                                                                                                                   | Parameters                                                                    |
| ------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------- |

> | `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST`                 | A comma-separated list of addresses to enable restricted access to them.                                                                                      | <p>Version: master<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: API</p>               |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST`                 | A comma-separated list of addresses to enable restricted access to them.                                                                                      | <p>Version: v6.10.0+<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: API</p>               |
```

> | `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST`                 | A comma-separated list of addresses to enable restricted access to them.                                                                                      | <p>Version: master<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: API</p>               |
> | `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_KEY`             | A key to access blacklisted addresses (either by `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST` or by blacklist provider). Can be passed via query param to the page's URL: `?key=...` | <p>Version: master<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: API</p>               |
> | `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_PROVIDER`        | Blacklist provider type, available options: `blockaid`                                                                                                        | <p>Version: master<br>Default: <code>blockaid</code><br>Applications: API</p> |
> | `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_URL`             | URL to fetch balcklist from                                                                                                                                   | <p>Version: master<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: API</p>               |
> | `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_UPDATE_INTERVAL` | Interval between scheduled updates of blacklist                                                                                                               | <p>Version: master<br>Default: <code>15m</code><br>Applications: API</p>      |
> | `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_RETRY_INTERVAL`  | Time to wait before new attempt of blacklist fetching, after abnormal termination of fetching task                                                            | <p>Version: master<br>Default: <code>5s</code><br>Applications: API</p>       |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST`                 | A comma-separated list of addresses to enable restricted access to them.                                                                                      | <p>Version: master<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: API</p>               |
| `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_KEY`             | A key to access blacklisted addresses (either by `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST` or by blacklist provider). Can be passed via query param to the page's URL: `?key=...` | <p>Version: v6.10.0+<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: API</p>               |
| `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_PROVIDER`        | Blacklist provider type, available options: `blockaid`                                                                                                        | <p>Version: v6.10.0+<br>Default: <code>blockaid</code><br>Applications: API</p> |
| `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_URL`             | URL to fetch balcklist from                                                                                                                                   | <p>Version: v6.10.0+<br>Default: (empty)<br>Applications: API</p>               |
| `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_UPDATE_INTERVAL` | Interval between scheduled updates of blacklist                                                                                                               | <p>Version: v6.10.0+<br>Default: <code>15m</code><br>Applications: API</p>      |
| `ADDRESSES_BLACKLIST_RETRY_INTERVAL`  | Time to wait before new attempt of blacklist fetching, after abnormal termination of fetching task                                                            | <p>Version: v6.10.0+<br>Default: <code>5s</code><br>Applications: API</p>       |
```
